Happy Heather Meerkat

medium

# Lack of spender Verification in permit Function
## Summary

In the permit function within the smart contract code. The issue pertains to the absence of checks on the spender parameter, which may lead to potential vulnerabilities.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `permit` function allows approving a third-party spender to interact with an owner's NFT. However, it lacks proper verification checks on the spender parameter. This means that virtually anyone, including the `owner` and `address 0`, can act as a spender without adequate verification. While this may not be a critical issue, it could lead to unintended interactions with the NFT, impacting the security and user experience.

## Impact

Without sufficient checks on the spender, unauthorized or unintended parties could gain control over NFTs or execute actions that should be restricted. This can result in unauthorized transfers, approvals, or other interactions that may harm users and the system's security.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/base/PermitERC721.sol#L142-L166

```solidity
    function permit(
        address spender_,
        uint256 tokenId_,
        uint256 deadline_,
        bytes memory signature_
    ) external {
        // check that the permit's deadline hasn't passed
        if (block.timestamp > deadline_) revert PermitExpired();

        // calculate signature digest
        bytes32 digest = _buildDigest(
            // owner,
            spender_,
            tokenId_,
            _nonces[tokenId_],
            deadline_
        );

        // check the address recovered from the signature matches the spender
        (address recoveredAddress, ) = ECDSA.tryRecover(digest, signature_);
        if (!_checkSignature(digest, signature_, recoveredAddress, tokenId_)) revert NotAuthorized();

        // approve the spender for accessing the tokenId
        _approve(spender_, tokenId_);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is advisable to implement proper checks and verification on the spender parameter within the `permit` function. This will ensure that only authorized and authenticated parties can perform interactions with the NFTs. Although not a critical issue, implementing such checks is essential for maintaining the security and integrity of the system.

A revised implementation of the `permit` function should follow best practices, such as using a recovered address for spender verification. Consider using the EIP-2612 standard as a reference for secure permit functions.

https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/6383299d715d7cd3d697ab655b42f8e61e52e197/contracts/token/ERC20/extensions/ERC20Permit.sol#L44C21-L67
