Beautiful Cyan Lynx

high

# Unauthorized Borrower Access in drawDebt Function
## Summary
The "drawDebt" function in the smart contract lacks proper access control, allowing unauthorized users to invoke the function without verification of borrower legitimacy. This vulnerability poses a significant security risk by enabling unauthorized access to debt drawing.

## Vulnerability Detail
There is no explicit check to verify whether borrowerAddress_ is a authorized borrower. The function accepts borrowerAddress_ as a parameter and proceeds to execute various actions related to drawing debt and transferring collateral and borrowed tokens. 

    function drawDebt(
        address borrowerAddress_,
        uint256 amountToBorrow_,
        uint256 limitIndex_,
        uint256 collateralToPledge_
    ) external nonReentrant {
        PoolState memory poolState = _accruePoolInterest();

        // ensure the borrower is not charged for additional debt that they did not receive
        amountToBorrow_     = _roundToScale(amountToBorrow_, poolState.quoteTokenScale);
        // ensure the borrower is not credited with a fractional amount of collateral smaller than the token scale
        collateralToPledge_ = _roundToScale(collateralToPledge_, _getArgUint256(COLLATERAL_SCALE));

        DrawDebtResult memory result = BorrowerActions.drawDebt(
            auctions,
            deposits,
            loans,
            poolState,
            _availableQuoteToken(),
            borrowerAddress_,
            amountToBorrow_,
            limitIndex_,
            collateralToPledge_
        );

        emit DrawDebt(borrowerAddress_, amountToBorrow_, collateralToPledge_, result.newLup);
## Impact
Without a proper access control mechanism, any external caller can potentially invoke this function with any borrowerAddress_, including unauthorized or non-existent addresses.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/ERC20Pool.sol#L130-L155

 
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement an access control mechanism to verify the legitimacy of the borrower before proceeding with any actions. This can be by  maintaining a list of authorized borrowers and checking whether borrowerAddress_ is on that list or use modifiers or function-specific checks to ensure that only authorized addresses can execute this function. For example, you could create a modifier like onlyAuthorizedBorrower and apply it to this function.