Real Pastel Starfish

high

# Loss of lender's claimable collateral after `_forgiveBadDebt` due to unfair bucket bankruptcy
## Summary

After a settlement where there is bad debt settled via the `_forgiveBadDebt` function, is possible that the system declares a bucket in bankruptcy where there's still LPB and collateral to be claimed.

This scenario is probable in pools where the assets have a high difference in valuation (e.g. `USDC/SHIBA`) so the check for bankruptcy within `_forgiveBadDebt` fails and the bucket is declared bankrupt when there's still LPB and collateral to be claimed.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a settlement occurrs where there's only bad debt and no collateral, after settling debt with reserves, `_forgiveBadDebt` is called to settle the rest of the debt with the deposits from the highest price buckets. 

After settling some debt in a bucket, there's a check to verify if that settled bucket is bankrupt or not. But that check is different from all the rest of bankruptcy checks in the codebase, this one accounts for rounding issues in the exchange rate. This modification causes that sometimes a bucket will be declared bankrupt when it's really not. 

Here is a normal bankruptcy check, perfomed in `moveQuoteToken`, `removeQuoteToken`, `removeCollateral`, `removeMaxCollateral` and `_settlePoolDebtWithDeposit`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/LenderActions.sol#L534
```solidity
if (bucketCollateral == 0 && bucketDeposit == 0 && bucketLP != 0) {
    bucket.lps            = 0;
    bucket.bankruptcyTime = block.timestamp;

    // ...
}
```

But in `_forgiveBadDebt`, the check for bankruptcy is different:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/SettlerActions.sol#L485
```solidity
if (depositRemaining * Maths.WAD + hpbBucket.collateral * _priceAt(index) <= bucketLP) {
    // existing LP for the bucket shall become unclaimable
    hpbBucket.lps            = 0;
    hpbBucket.bankruptcyTime = block.timestamp;

    // ...
}
```

When a bucket with a low price is left with 0 deposits and some collateral, there's a possibility that the bucket is declared bankrupt when it's not, thus leaving the current LPB holders without possibility to claim the collateral inside. 

Let's look at an example on how this could happen:

```text
In a ETH/SHIBA pool, the Highest Price Bucket is index 7100 (-2944):
    - bucketPrice = 0.00000042
    - bucketDeposits = 50.000M SHIBA
    - bucketCollateral = 0.1 ETH
    - bucketLPB ≈ 50.000M (Approximately 50.000M)
    
A loan in auction has 50.000M SHIBA of bad debt and must be settled. Reserves are 0 in that moment.

Function `_forgiveBadDebt` is called inside `settlePoolDebt`, all deposits from bucket 7100 are cleared to settle debt:
    - bucketPrice = 0.00000042
    - bucketDeposits = 0
    - bucketCollateral = 0.1 ETH
    - bucketLPB = ≈ 50.000M

After settling debt, the bucket is be declared bankrupt if (deposits * WAD + collateral * price <= LPB)
Therefore, the bucket is declared bankrupt because (0 + 0.1e18 * 0.00000042e18 < 50_000_000_000e18)

Chisel calculation:
➜ uint256(0.1e18) * 0.00000042e18 < 50_000_000_000e18
Type: bool
└ Value: true

So, that bucket is declared bankrupt when there's still LPB and collateral to claim. 
If it wasn't declared bankrupt, lender with all the LPB balance would be able to withdraw the collateral with the existing LPB.
```

So, it's demonstrated that the `_forgiveBadDebt` function may declare a bucket bankrupt when there's still LPB and collateral that can be claimed. 

Following the previous example, if the bucket wasn't declared bankrupt and a user with all the LPB in the bucket wanted to withdraw the 0.1 ETH, he should be able to do it calling `withdrawCollateral`, but in this case it won't be possible because bucket has been unfairly declared bankrupt. 

After this scenario has been given, any actor could deposit a tiny amount of collateral in that bucket and withdraw the whole amount that was there, thus earning profit at the expense of other actors of the system. 

## Impact

In pools with a high difference in asset valuation, when a debt is settled via `_forgiveBadDebt`, is possible that the lenders from that bucket lose the collateral there because of the unfair bucket bankruptcy. There is a no low-probability prerequisites and the impact is the direct loss of assets from the lenders so setting severity to high. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/SettlerActions.sol#L485

## Tool used

Manual Review and coffee

## Recommendation

It's recommended to adapt the check for bankruptcy in `_forgiveBadDebt` to match the others in order to avoid some unfair bucket bankruptcies.

```diff
-   if (depositRemaining * Maths.WAD + hpbBucket.collateral * _priceAt(index) <= bucketLP) {
+   if (depositRemaining == 0 && hpbBucket.collateral == 0){}
        // existing LP for the bucket shall become unclaimable
        hpbBucket.lps            = 0;
        hpbBucket.bankruptcyTime = block.timestamp;

        // ...
    }
```
