Kind Coal Sawfish

medium

# MinimumBorrowSize Check would revert for BorrowTokens with decimals less than 18 ,   Even with reasonable debt Size.
---
name: Audit item
about: These are the audit items that end up in the report
title: ""
labels: "High"
assignees: ""
---

## Summary:MinimumBorrowSize Check would revert for BorrowTokens with decimals less than 18 , 
Even with reasonable BorrowSize of QuoteTokens. 


## Vulnerability Detail:
Before finalizing a debt a check is used to ensure that a borrow size is equal || greater to the minimum borrowSize of a pool  to prevent bad debts by accumulation of dust Tokens. When borrowing Tokens with decimals less 18,this would be  very problematic because the check would revert on reasonable amounts of BorrowTokens.Let’s dive deep into the implementation of the _revertOnMinDebt() method: 
//BorrowersActions.sol
    _revertOnMinDebt(
                loans_,
                result_.poolDebt,
                vars.borrowerDebt,
                poolState_.quoteTokenScale
            );


//RevertHelpers.sol
function _revertOnMinDebt( 

LoansState storage loans_, 

uint256 poolDebt_, 

uint256 borrowerDebt_, 

uint256 quoteDust_ 

) view { 

if (borrowerDebt_ != 0) { 

//@audit Info Would revert with tokens that has scales more than decimals. 

if (borrowerDebt_ < quoteDust_) revert DustAmountNotExceeded(); 

uint256 loansCount = Loans.noOfLoans(loans_); 

if (loansCount >= 10) 

if (borrowerDebt_ < _minDebtAmount(poolDebt_, loansCount)) revert AmountLTMinDebt(); 

} 

} 

 

These problem arises due to the line where it checks  if the  borrowSize is less than quoteDust ,tracing back to the last call the quoteDust variable is the scale of the quote token, a tokenScale is calculated using the =10**(18-decimals),for Quote tokens like USDC it scaleFactor=1e12 and for example a user requesting to borrow 100 USDC(1e8) which is a reasonable borrow amount would revert due to the check.

## Impact: this bug doesn't seem to have any exploitable potential for malicious users. Instead, it results in a non-functional or restrictive behavior for users looking to borrow tokens with fewer than 18 decimal places. 

## Code Snippet:https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-ajna/blob/87abfb6a9150e5df3819de58cbd972a66b3b50e3/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/BorrowerActions.sol#L168

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation:To address this issue, the smart contract's code should be modified to handle tokens with lower decimal places more appropriately, especially in the context of minimum borrow size checks.