Bumpy Punch Albatross

medium

# Unutilized deposit fee can be avoided or accidentally double paid
## Summary

A check in `moveQuoteToken` to determine whether the unutilized deposit fee must be paid allows users to avoid paying the fee at all and can unintentionally cause users to pay the fee more than once.

## Vulnerability Detail

When moving quote tokens from one bucket to another with `moveQuoteToken`, a deposit fee is charged if `vars.fromBucketPrice >= lup_ && vars.toBucketPrice < lup_`. This is to ensure that if a user already paid the fee that they don't double pay and if they hadn't yet paid the fee but they should for moving into an unutilized bucket that they do here.

The problem with this logic is the LUP is a variable price and as such it can result in the following unexpected effects:

1) If a lender deposits initially to a utilized bucket but then the LUP moves up above it, they can then move to any other unutilized bucket, never having had paid a fee.

2) If a lender deposits initially to an unutilized bucket but then the LUP moves down below it, if they move their tokens to an unutilized bucket, they will be charged the unutilized deposit fee twice.

Both of these cases are contrary to the intended effect of this check. Furthermore, lenders can manipulate 1) to cheaply avoid paying a utilization fee while depositing in any unutilized bucket as follows:
- Take out just enough debt to push LUP into the next bucket
- addQuoteTokens at new LUP bucket
- Repay debt
  - We are now in an unutilized bucket without paying a fee
- moveQuoteTokens to any unutilized bucket
  - We still don't have to pay the fee

## Impact

Loss of user funds and allowing users to avoid paying fees. 

Section 4.2 of the [whitepaper](https://www.ajna.finance/pdf/Ajna_Protocol_Whitepaper_10-12-2023.pdf?ref=ajna-protocol-news.ghost.io) notes that this fee is used to mitigate MEV attacks, which as a result of this finding are likely not prevented.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-ajna/blob/main/ajna-core/src/libraries/external/LenderActions.sol#L292
```solidity
// apply unutilized deposit fee if quote token is moved from above the LUP to below the LUP
// @audit what if from bucket used to be above LUP so they never pay the fee?
//        or what if they paid a fee initially than LUP moved down and now they have to pay again?
if (vars.fromBucketPrice >= lup_ && vars.toBucketPrice < lup_) {
    if (params_.revertIfBelowLup) revert PriceBelowLUP();

    movedAmount_ = Maths.wmul(movedAmount_, Maths.WAD - _depositFeeRate(poolState_.rate));
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Include a boolean in storage as to whether the lender was already charged the fee for that particular bucket, or simply charge the unutilized deposit fee every time the `toBucketPrice < lup_`, regardless of the previous bucket price.
